API: AIzaSyARucYm1qxXEizEdUq9WgggZkCxUom2MCA
env\Scripts\activate
pip install SpeechRecognition pyttsx3 PyAudio wmi google-generativeai pyautogui

Phase 1: Environment and Dependency SetupBefore writing code, we need to prepare your workspace so the project remains clean and organized.Virtual Environment: Create a Python virtual environment. This acts as an isolated container for your project, ensuring that the libraries you install don't interfere with other software on your PC.Install Core Libraries: Using the command prompt, you will install the specific packages required for the project. This includes SpeechRecognition for capturing audio , pyttsx3 for Text-to-Speech (TTS), a library for your chosen AI API, and tools like wmi for Windows hardware control.

Phase 2: Building the Listener Module (Input)This is the starting point of the data flow where your assistant captures your voice.Microphone Access: Write the initial Python script to actively listen to your default audio input device.Speech-to-Text: Pass the captured audio through a recognition engine to convert your spoken words into a raw text string.

Phase 3: Building the Interpreter Module (The AI Brain)Instead of hardcoding hundreds of specific voice commands, we will use an AI API to parse your intent.API Integration: Securely connect your script to an LLM API.Prompt Engineering: You will instruct the AI to analyze the transcribed text and output a structured data format (like JSON). For example, if you say "I want to race," the AI translates that natural language into a strict command like {"action": "open_game", "target": "F1 22"}.Parsing: Your Python backend reads this structured output to determine the exact system function to call.

Phase 4: Building the Task Executer (System Actions)This module actually executes the system-level tasks and interfaces with the operating system.Software Execution: Use Python to trigger application executables. Testing this with demanding applications like F1 22 will be an excellent benchmark to ensure your assistant can handle heavy handoffs without crashing.Hardware Control: Write the logic to adjust brightness, battery saver modes, and power plans. Because controlling hardware relies heavily on the OS communicating seamlessly with your motherboard and graphics card, making sure all your system drivers are fully updated on your Windows 11 setup will save you a lot of troubleshooting headaches here.

Phase 5: Response and FeedbackThe loop needs to close by confirming to the user that the task was understood and completed.Voice Output: Implement the TTS engine so the assistant can speak back to you (e.g., "Switching to power saving mode").Visual Indicators: Add print statements to your terminal (or a simple UI later) to clearly show when the assistant is actively listening versus processing.

Phase 6: Packaging for PortabilityTo meet your requirement of making the software portable.Compilation: Use a tool called PyInstaller to bundle your Python scripts, the AI API integration, and all system dependencies into a single, standalone .exe file.Testing: Run the .exe on its own to ensure it functions perfectly without needing to launch it through an IDE or command prompt.